Verify github user id in metadata.json (#4191)
bazelbuild/bazel-central-registry: docs/README.md

- Extra metadata.json fields (see [JSON schema](https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazel-central-registry/blob/main/metadata.schema.json)):
  - `maintainers`: an array of JSON objects, each representing a module maintainer. Each object can have the following fields:
    - `github`: a string, the maintainer's GitHub username. This is used to `@`-ping the maintainer when a PR updating the module is sent, and determines whether a GitHub user has approval rights for a PR (see [approval and submission](#approval-and-submission) below).

>     - `github_user_id`: a number, the maintainer's GitHub ID number. This is used to verify the maintainer's identity in case of GitHub username change or deletion. Run `bazel run //tools:bcr_validation -- --check_metadata=foo --fix` to get it updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `github_user_id`: a number, the maintainer's GitHub ID number. This is used to verify the maintainer's identity in case of GitHub username change or deletion. Run `bazel run //tools:bcr_validation -- --check_metadata=foo --fix` to update it for the module `foo`.
```
